[charts] Add tooltip to the radar (#16950)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/radar/radar.md

{{"demo": "DemoRadar.js" }}

## Interaction 🚧

### Axis click 🚧

### Item click 🚧

> 

Author: I removed those sections, because for me it's not necessary for a stable release

To remove highlight, set the `highlight` prop to `'none'`.

## Tooltip

Like other charts, the radar chart [tooltip](/x/react-charts/tooltip/) can be customized with slots.
The `trigger` prop of the `tooltip` slot accepts the following values:

- `'axis'`—the user's mouse position is associated with a metric. The tooltip displays data about all series along this specific metric.
- `'item'`—when the user's mouse hovers over a radar area, the tooltip displays data about this series.
- `'none'`—disable the tooltip.

{{"demo": "RadarTooltip.js" }}

## Composition

For composition, use the `RadarDataProvider` to provide `series` and `radar` props.

> 

Author: I updated the composiiton. I think it's complete enought now

> In the background, you can render the `RadarGrid` and `RadarMetricLabels` that will display the grid and the labels.

Reviewer: What is meant by "in the background"? Are we trying to nudge users to render them as the first few children so that they're rendered below the other elements?

```suggestion
In the background, you can render the `RadarGrid` and `RadarMetricLabels` that display the grid and the labels.
```

Author: > Are we trying to nudge users to render them as the first few children so that they're rendered below the other elements

I did not realise it looks like a requirement..

I could go with something more descriptive like

```suggestion
The `RadarGrid` and `RadarMetricLabels` components render the grid and the labels.
```

To display series, you have `RadarSeriesPlot` component (the area and marks).

> Or `RadarSeriesArea` and `RadarSeriesMarks` that allows to display at different level the area and marks.

Reviewer: This is a bit confusing, IMO. 

Let me know if I understood this correctly: we can use `RadarSeriesPlot` to render the area and marks. Alternatively, we can use `RadarSeriesArea` and `RadarSeriesMark` to achieve the same goal as the `RadarSeriesPlot`. Is that right?

Reviewer: Sounds good 👍

The `RadarAxisHighlight` component displays the axis highlight.

{{"demo": "CompositionExample.js" }}

For info here is the composition of the `RadarChart` component.

```jsx
<RadarDataProvider>
  <ChartsWrapper>
    <ChartsLegend />
    <ChartsSurface>

>       // The background of the chart

Reviewer: Not sure if we want to use this instead because using `//` comments isn't valid JSX:

```suggestion
      { /* The background of the chart */ }
```

Reviewer: Yeah, I agree they are ugly, but if users copied and pasted that code it wouldn't work 😅

To remove highlight, set the `highlight` prop to `'none'`.

## Tooltip

Like other chart, the radar chart [tooltip](/x/react-charts/tooltip/) can be customized with slots.
The `slots.tooltip.trigger` allows to switch between:

- `'item'`—when the user's mouse hovers over a radar area, the tooltip displays data about this series.

> - `'axis'`—the user's mouse position is associated with a metric. The tooltip displays data about all series along this specific metric.

Reviewer: We mention the 'item' option first, but the demo shows the 'axis' option first. 

We should probably follow the same order. Additionally, it make sense to add a small title above each chart with the tooltip trigger being used to make it clearer.
